>> Erik Reinert: For
everyone who has a successful deployment,
at least while I'm waiting for mine,
there's a couple of things we need to do.
So, we deployed.
Yay, but if you click on it, what happens?
What happens when you click on your URLs?
Does the page actually load?
Cool.
Awesome.
So that's great.
However, if you try going through
the Google process, what happens?
>> Speaker 2: It's not going to work.
>> Erik Reinert: Yeah,
it's not gonna work, yeah.
So that's because we don't have
the domain set up properly for the.
So what we want to do is we want
to go back to Google Cloud.
So everybody go to Google Cloud,
get to your clients or
get to your credentials,
click on clients, go to here.
Then what we want to do is for
now, and again,
I said earlier you probably wouldn't do
this, but for now, what I want you to do
is effectively add a new URL with the base
being your service that you just deployed.
If I go here, you can see my address
is nz, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
Whatever.
It's going to copy this.
I'm going to go to here,
paste this in, and
then I'm just gonna copy this little last
portion here, do that and then hit Save.
The next thing you're going to
want to do before that, my bad,
is go to Configuration.
You're going to want to click on Edit for
your service again.
This is how you would update service
configuration values in general Edit.
Then it'll give you the ability
to change that URL as well.
Your Google redirect URL
to the same thing too.
Then you should see a button
that says Save and Deploy or
Save and rebuild on the right.
Just click that and
you'll get back to where I am,
where I'm waiting on a deployment.
Go to Configuration tab in App Runner.
Go to Edit under Configure Service,
little button right there.
Sorry, little button, right?
Yeah.
You see it?
Cool.
And
then just update the URL here
as well to the exact same thing.
>> Speaker 2: I think you just have the-.
>> Erik Reinert: I do, yeah.
I'm grabbing this.
Thank you.
Nice.
There we go.
And save changes.
So this should deploy or
trigger another deployment.
Basically, anytime you change
a configuration value or deploy an image,
you will have to wait for
it to go through the deployment process.
So, my deployment is done.
We updated the credentials, meaning that
Google's credential OAuth should work now.
And we also have a database.
So we should have two expectations.
The first expectation should
be that the page loads.
I can go through the OAuth process,
and that I can also create a user or
all that stuff, create all that
database entries and whatnot.
I'm going to load the page right.
I'm going to click get started.
Awesome.
I do see that.
I'm gonna click on my login.
Hey, look at that.
Okay, cool.
So after a decent amount of work
I was able to actually log in.
Okay, very cool.
I'm going to type in my
display name as Black Glasses.
I'm gonna hit save changes.
Does that work?
There we go.
Awesome.
So yeah, so I'm seeing my username.
Let's go in here and say something fun.
Share update.
There we go.
Cool, cool.
What do we have?
Well, after a decent amount of working,
we now have a fully running
application in the cloud.
Now again,
this was a little tough the first time.
Think about having deploy
a whole Kubernetes cluster.
Compare that to what you just did.
Even though what you just did was
obviously a little challenging because
it's like new and whatever.
But the reality of it is that most
people can do what we just did versus
what a lot of other delivery and
deployment approaches are.
Again, like ECS or Kubernetes even.
There was no need or
knowledge of VPC or of networking.
knowledge of any low level thing.
It really just kept our focus entirely
on what we were trying to focus on,
which is deploying our application.
We've done that.
We've successfully done that.
I am on an application in the cloud.
This is not hosted by me.
We have a URL that's working.
What's cool is now I can even go in and
start looking at those metrics.
I should start seeing some
metrics slowly come in.
You can see I have one little metric,
one little guy right here that says I have
five requests that have been sent over.
I could see the response count
which again, 204 requests.
I'm guessing I had one.
There's my request latency.
I can see that on average
my requests are around 60.
I'm guessing this is MS, so
60 milliseconds, which is really great.
That's pretty fast.
Then we can see my active instances and
utilization.
CPU utilization is tiny.
I don't have to worry about that at all.
Memory utilization looks good and
concurrencies is pretty much dead.
So yeah, I mean I have a running
application so the last thing we
want to do really quickly is just make
sure that we commit those changes.
So, what we're gonna do is
we're gonna to workshop or
your branch that you're
working on if you haven't yet.
I had to commit and push mine up
because I was pushing up that example.
But if you do just git add a that
that will make sure to add everything
to your branch.
Does git commit M and then we'll just say
added docker file for deployment, right?
Hit enter and
then you'll do git push origin and
then the branch name or
git push if you want.
You can just do git push.
So we'll do git push and
then there you go.
Your code is up to date.
So now if you go to your print,
you should see basically
something that looks like mine.
We'll go to my PR really quickly, make
sure that you have these changes as well.
You will have probably a whole bunch of
template changes and stuff like that.
Don't worry about that.
The only change you really need
to worry about is the dockerfile
change that we made.
This is really it.
You may have the docker compose change,
but that was a fix.
That was something that realistically
would have been there at
the beginning of the course.
So if you think about like what would
have only been added in this case,
all we needed was a docker file to
deploy our application to the cloud.